I've never seen a fool in a hurry to court death
Longjing Store, you really opened my eyes today.
Stop talking nonsense, you or me first
I let you
Otherwise, it will be spread out that I, Young Master Xu, bullied a poor ghost.
Then am I not very embarrassed?
Hey sales sales
Sales
What happened to your car dealership today?
My husband and I have been here for so long
There wasn't even a receptionist.
Who am I?
It turned out to be the richest man and Mrs. Xu
Long time no see
There is a reason for loss, there is a reason for loss
Okay, okay, stop flattering
This poor man wants to buy this 8 million car
Please hurry up and prepare the formalities
I'm waiting for a good show
Manager, if he can't swipe the money later
You give me a good beat on him
Give this poor ghost a long memory
What the hell is going on?
Why are these two still fighting?
Manager, prepare the formalities
I want money to buy
Haha, the acting is pretty good
But I still don't believe it.
You'd better be smart for me
Get on your knees and apologize